1. Start by nominating a random player from the available player pool
    a. Top 10 players by Value over Replacement (VOR) are eligible, to limit high-tier players from falling too far and low-tier players from being nominated too early
    b. Players are weighted by their VOR, so higher VOR players within the group are more likely to be nominated

2. A list of eligible teams is generated and a random initial bid amount is chosen based on a uniform distribution between the player's minimum and maximum prices
    a. Team eligibility is based on several factors:
        i.   The team has an open roster spot and does not need to fill another position (i.e., final pick with DST still required)
        ii.  The team has not reached the nominated player's position limit
        iii. If selected, the team's remaining budget does not fall below $1 per remaining roster spot (i.e., they can fill their roster with a minimum $1 bid per player)
        iv.  If it's the team's last pick, the bid amount does not drop their budget below $0
    b. If no team is eligible, the bid amount is subtracted by $1 until at least one team can draft the player
    c. If the bid amount reaches $0, the nominated player is removed from the player pool and process is restarted with a new player

3. Each eligible team is then assigned probability of winning the bid based on several factors:
    a. Aggression level - a randomly assigned value between 1 (high) and 3 (low) set prior to that draft's simulation
    b. Roster scarcity - teams with fewer drafted players than expected are given a higher probability
    c. Position scarcity - teams with fewer drafted players at the nominated player's position are given a higher probability
    d. Wait time - teams that waited longer since their last pick are assigned a higher probability

4. The winning team is then randomly selected and the player is added to their roster
    a. Remaining player prices are adjusted based on the inflation/deflation resulting from winning bid

5. Steps 1-4 are repeated until all rosters are filled

Once the draft is completed, an entire season (14 week regular season + 3 week playoffs) is simulated to quantify draft strategies
Prior to the new "season", a random weight is assigned to each player's projected points to simulate over or underperformance compared to their projections
To simulate injuries, players are also randomly assigned a number of weeks missed between 0 and 17 (playoffs end in week 17)
    When a player is injured or on BYE, a replacement player's unweighted points (equal to the first undrafted player at his position) is used
Instead of head-to-head matchups, winners are determined by their score compared to that week's league median; teams that scored above the median received a win
At the end of the regular season (week 14), the top 6 teams by wins earn a playoff spot
    The top 2 teams receive a first round BYE, while the remaining 4 teams play in the first round
    The winners of the first round then play the top 2 teams in the semifinals, with the winners of those matchups playing in the championship game
